The following is a spooky story written for kids, just in time for Halloween. Everyone always talks about the old house at the end of the street, but I couldn’t believe what happened when I went inside. his eyes and fell back in his chair. The cat jumped into his lap and curled up. I backed away from the skeleton and then ran out of the room. I ran out of the house and down the steps. “Help me!” I called. “Help!” There was no answer. I started to run down the road. I heard the skeleton calling me. “Wait!” he said. “Come back!” I ran faster. I looked behind me. The skeleton was running after me. I heard the cat hissing. I ran as fast as I could. I tripped over a branch. The skeleton grabbed me and lifted me up. “Give me the doll,” he said. I held the doll close to my chest. The skeleton grabbed my arm and yanked it away from me. A rip echoed through the air. I heard the cat hissing. The skeleton dropped my arm and grabbed my leg. I heard the rip again. I looked down. My leg was gone. I screamed. The skeleton grabbed my other leg. I heard the rip again. I was just a head now. I tried to scream. I heard the rip. I started to cry. I looked around. I was just a head sitting on the skeleton’s table. The skeleton was still holding my leg. I heard the cat hiss. I

It was the tail end of Halloween and I was walking through the neighborhood with my friends. We were looking for a place to hang out, but our usual spots were all taken. So, Ben came up with a plan to go to the old house at the end of the street.

We all agreed it would be perfect. After all, that place was like a ghost town. Nobody had lived there in years. It was a huge place with a bunch of rooms. We could play hide and seek or something.

The only problem was that the house at the end of the street was really creepy. It was a dark, old-fashioned place that was surrounded by a bunch of trees.

We all knew that the last people who lived there had been arrested for murder and sent to jail. But we were kids and we didn’t think anything like that would happen to us.

Even though it was the middle of the day, it was still kind of creepy going into that old house. It smelled weird and there were cobwebs all over the place.

We decided to split up and see if we could find anything fun to do. There was a bunch of old furniture in the house, so we decided to play hide and seek. We hid behind a bunch of couches and chairs and waited for someone to come and look for us.

We heard footsteps coming closer and I knew it was my turn to hide. I got behind the closet door and waited for whoever was coming to look for me. I didn’t have to wait long. Out of nowhere, a guy in a blue jumpsuit walked into the room.

I could tell right away that he wasn’t a normal person. He looked like he was made out of plastic, but his eyes were all white and shiny. He kept moving his head back and forth like a robot.

I carefully stepped out from behind the closet door and tried to get closer to him. He started walking towards me, but his head was turned the other way so he didn’t see me. I got really close and tried to talk to him, but he didn’t say anything.

That’s when I noticed the blood all over his hands. It was dripping down onto the floor.

I couldn’t believe what was happening. He started to turn around, so I darted back behind the closet door. He was still looking the other way, so I peeked out and saw that he had an axe in his hand.

I was really scared, but I didn’t want him to know that. My heart was beating really fast and I could barely breathe because I was so afraid.

He kept walking towards the closet, but I didn